Visual Studio Code is a streamlined code editor with support for development operations like debugging,
task running and version control.
We'll use it for the APK lab extension.
U.K. lab is Android Reverse Engineering Workbench.
Now, I'll install it and use it on my host machine, but I also want to show you how to install it
on Calli for those who want to use it on Kauai.
All right.
So let's get started.
Open up a Web browser and search for the Eskow download.
And click on the official website of TVs code.
So as you can see, you can install it on all platforms and insulation is very easy.
But first up, I'm going to download it for Mac OS.
Say the file, OK?
Let's click on the zip file.
Drag it to the applications folder.
Now let's open vs code.
So from the extension section, you can search for a lab.
As you can see, there are lots of features and it's very useful for reverse engineering and RPK because
it's got lots of built in tools which are very important for testing, such as a tool, Jagex zip line,
all sorts of things.
And it performs all the steps automatically with these tools, which also is pretty good.
So, Anita, open the command palette with control, shift P to use it, click on the install button.
OK, let's download new RPK file and try to decompiled.
So one of the vulnerable apps we'll use throughout the course is Insecure Bank, it's an application
for Android, so it's downloaded.
And download the APK file.
OK, let's go back to the code.
And press control shift to open the command pallet.
Click on APK Lab and add the epic file.
Select decompiled Jova Option and OC.
All right, so it opens in a new window.
As you can see, this is the source code of the app.
So we'll analyze it in detail while we're testing it.
So let's download this code to this time.
So we'll open up a Web browser, search for the code and click to the official website.
I hear you're going to have to scroll down a bit.
And you can see the features of the tax code in detail, it's really very powerful and very useful code.
Ed?
But we're going to use it for the ABQ lab extension and like I said earlier, you lab is Android Reverse
Engineering Workbench.
So click on download.
And of course, you can install it on all platforms and insulation is, again, very easy.
So let's click on this button to download the Debian package, see the file.
OK.
Now you've got to open a terminal screen.
Change directory to the downloads folder.
Lost file.
OK, it's here.
Now, to install it, just run pseudo apte install.
And the debt package.
All right, so that's completed.
Now, let's open it up from the menu.
From the extension section, you can search for APIC Lab.
Now, as you can see here, there are lots of features and, yeah, it's very useful for reverse engineering
and HBK because it's got all kinds of built in tools which are very important.
And we're going to use some of them, such as RPK Tool, Jadakiss, Zip Line, and we're going to perform
all of these steps using these tools and you'll see how useful automatic tools can be.
And click on the install button.
So just press control shift P and it opens the command post.
Click on a Becae lab and add the APK file.
Select decompiled Javor as your option and click OK.
All right, so it opens up in a new window and you're looking at the source code of the app.
And you don't need to read it all now.
We'll analyze it in detail while we're testing.